From dan at haywood-associates.co.uk  Wed Apr  6 19:04:52 2005
From: dan at haywood-associates.co.uk (Dan Haywood)
Date: Wed, 6 Apr 2005 18:04:52 +0100
Subject: [Rcpviewer-users] Purpose
Message-ID: <LGEELLOAEBMLCOGIKLMKCEANDCAA.dan@haywood-associates.co.uk>

This is a low volume mailing list for those who are using the rcpviewer +
Naked Objects as a means of developing business applications.




From colinfritzlawqseixgmokswr at yahoo.com  Fri Apr 22 01:11:57 2005
From: colinfritzlawqseixgmokswr at yahoo.com (RICHARD FAMLER & CO.LAW FIRM)
Date: Thu, 21 Apr 2005 21:11:57 -0200
Subject: [Rcpviewer-users] YOUR LATE UNCLE'S ESTATE
Message-ID: <e23e01c546b6$c0272430$c77f5508@colinfritzlawqseixgmokswr>

Honourable Next Of Kin

We have a WILL in your name and we have been trying to get through to
you ever since your uncle died . 

He willed his life time deposit which he has in an account in a bank
($3.2 Million Usd).

We want you to send to us immediately the following to be able to
transfer your Uncle's estate to your account in your country.
 
1) Your private phone and fax numbers

2) Your residential address
 
You are to send this via our personal email 
(colinfritzlaw at yahoo.com)
or call us for confirmation.


Respectfully,

Mr.Richard Famler 
RICHARD FAMLER & CO. LAW FIRM 
Tel:+31 626 312 778
Fax:+31 626 312 778
ADDRESS:Daijwaik 34, Amsterdam 1805,NETHERLANDS 
EMAIL:colinfritzlaw at yahoo.com


From chenqinw at levele.hu  Fri Apr 22 09:34:11 2005
From: chenqinw at levele.hu (MR.CHEN QINGXUAN)
Date: Fri, 22 Apr 2005 09:34:11 +0200
Subject: [Rcpviewer-users] I require your assistance (MR.CHEN QINGXUAN )
Message-ID: <200504220734.j3M7YCm09798@bat.berlios.de>

MR.CHEN QINGXUAN 
HANG SENG BANK LTD.
DES VOEUX RD. BRANCH,
CENTRAL HONG KONG,
HONK KONG.

Let me start by introducing myself. I am Mr. Chen qingxuan credit officer of the Hang Seng Bank Ltd.  I 
have an urgent and very confidential business proposition for you.

I honestly apologize and hope I do not cause you much embarrassment by contacting you through this 
means for a transaction of this magnitude, but this is due to confidentiality and prompt access reposed on 
this medium, sorry my English is not very good. Furthermore, due to this issue on my hands now, it 
became necessary for me to seek your assistance, and it is imperative for me to know your opinion.

On April 6 ,2000, an American Oil consultant/contractor with the ChinesePetroleum and Chemical 
orporation Mr. Richard Nault made a numbered time(Fixed) Deposit for twelve calendar months, valued at 
US$30,000,000.00 (Thirty Million Dollars only) in my branch. Upon maturity, I sent a routine notification to 
his forwarding address but got no reply. After a month, we sent a reminderand finally we discovered from 
his contract employers, the Hong Kong Petroleum and Chemical Corporation that Mr. Richard Nault died 
from an automobile accident.

On further investigation, I found out that he died without making a WILL and all attempts to trace his next 
of kin was fruitless.I therefore made further investigation and discovered that Mr. Richard Nault did not 
declare any kin or relations in all his official documents, includinghis Bank Deposit paperwork in my Bank. 
This sum of US$30,000,000.00 is still sitting in my Bank and the  interest is being rolled over with the 
principal sum at the end of each year. No one will ever come forward to claim it. According to Laws of 
Hong Kong, at the expiration of 5(five) years, the money will revert to the ownership of the Hong Kong 
Government if nobody applies to claim the fund.

Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a foreigner to stand in as the next of kin to Mr. Richard 
Nault so that the fruits of this old man's labor will not get into the hands of some corrupt government 
officials.This is simple, I will like you to provide immediately your full names and address so that the 
attorney will prepare the necessary documents and affidavits that will put you in place as the next of kin.

We shall employ the services of an attorney for drafting and notarization of the WILL and to obtain the 
necessary documents and letter of probate/administration in your favor for the transfer. The money will be 
paid into your account for us to share in the ratio of 60% for me and 35% for you and 5% for Expenses 
Incurred in the course of the transaction.

There is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be done by the attorney and with my 
position as the credit officer guarantees the successful execution of this transaction. If you are really  
interested in doing this business with me please reply immediately to this emal address,

chenqinw at levele.hu 

Upon your response, I shall then provide you with more details and relevant documents that will help you 
understand the transaction.

Please send me your confidential telephone and fax numbers for easy communication.
You should observe utmost confidentiality, and rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable 
for both of us because I shall require your assistance to invest my share in your country.

Awaiting your urgent reply.
Thanks and regards.
Mr. Chen qingxuan


From richardfrays at netscape.net  Mon Apr 25 14:35:58 2005
From: richardfrays at netscape.net (Richard Fray)
Date: Mon, 25 Apr 2005 14:35:58 +0200
Subject: [Rcpviewer-users] Searching for representatives
Message-ID: <200504251235.j3PCZsm27374@bat.berlios.de>

Dear Sir/Madam,

I am Mr.Richard Fray ,Managing Director of South Export and International Trade. we are a company who deal on Raw materials and export into the Canada/America and Europe.

We are searching for representatives who can help us establish a medium of getting to our costumers in the Canada/America and Europe as well as making payments through you to us. Please if you are interested in transacting business with us we will be glad.

Please contact us for more information, Subject to your satisfaction you will be given the opportunity to negotiate your mode of which we will pay for your services as our representative in Canada/America and Europe.

Please if you are interested forward to us your phone number/fax and your full contact addresses.

Thanks in advance

Mr.Richard Fray
CEO.
  

From perryharry at handbag.com  Fri Apr 29 18:43:56 2005
From: perryharry at handbag.com (NEWTON   HARRY)
Date: Fri, 29 Apr 2005 18:43:56 +0200
Subject: [Rcpviewer-users] PARTNER
Message-ID: <200504291643.j3TGhqm17505@bat.berlios.de>

Dear Sir/Madam,
 
With warm hearts I offer my friendship, and my greetings, and I hope this letter meets you in good time. It will be surprising to you to receive this proposal from me since you do not know me personally. 
However, I am sincerely seeking your confidence in this transaction, which I propose with my free mind and as a person of integrity.
My name is NEWTON HARRY NDULOVO, the son of PASCAL ZHIRI NDULOVO,
One of the most popular farmers from Zimbabwe, who was murdered in the Land dispute in my country.
As led by my instinct, I decided to contact you through email, after searching for Contacts via the internet, as it is the only means I can contact anybody since I am cutting off ties with Zimbabwe for now. I apologize if this is not acceptable to you.
The purpose of this letter is to seek your most needed assistance in a Business venture. Due to the land and political problems in Zimbabwe, President Robert Mugabe's introduction of new Land Act Reform wholly affecting the rich white farmers and the few rich black farmers, all white farmers were asked to surrender their farms to the Government for re-distribution and infact to his political party members and my Father though black was the treasury of the farmers association and a strong Member of an opposition party that did not support the president's idea.
He then ordered his party members and the police under his pay row to invade my father's farm and burn down everything in the farm. They killed my father and took away a lot of items from his farm.
After the death of my father, our local pastor and a close friend of my father handed us over will documents with instructions from my father.That we should leave Zimbabwe incase anything happen to him.
The will documents have a certificate of deposit, Airway bill 
confirming cash Deposit totalling twenty four million five hundred thousand united state dollars. [$24.5m] kept in custody for us in a security company that the content is money hence it was deposited as personal belongings.
This money was deposited with this Private Security Company for
Safety and security reasons, and was to be used for the purchase
Of land, new machines and chemicals establishment of new farms in Botswana.
This violent and barbaric act by Mugabe,Mr President has since led to the death of my beloved mother and kid sister and other innocent lives.
I was continually threatened to abandon my inheritance from my father after he was murdered. I resisted for a while, but when the danger became unbearable, and I survived two murder attempts, I fled out of Zimbabwe with the help of my father's close friend Mr. John Casahans from Australia also a farmer who was leaving in Zimbabwe with us but left with his family following this ugly development I have tried to reach 
him but all to no avail.
I am currently staying in the Spain where I am seeking political asylum. In fact my decision to come here to seek asylum, is because the security company from South Africa, has a branch here, I have contacted them to move the safe deposit from their office in Johannesburg to The affiliate office here in Madrid (Spain)  which they are waiting further directives from me before they effect the movement. 
I need to transfer this money to an account and invest part of the Money. Since the law of Spain prohibits a refugee (Asylum Seeker) to open any bank account or to be involved in any financial Transaction, this is why I am seeking a genuine and reliable Partner, whose account this money can be transferred after the consignment must have been duely transferred from South Africa, hence your involvement in this venture.
You have to understand that this decision taken by me is a very big And brave one, and it entrusts my future in your hands, as a result of the safe keeping of this money.
If you accept to assist me, all I want you to do for me, is to assist with arrangements to claim the deposit from the security company from their office here in The Spain, as it has now been transferred from Johannesburg, South Africa to their branch here. The company will be legally informed of you representing me.
For your assistance, I have two options for you. Firstly you can choose to have 20% of the money for your assistance, and helping me open an account for the money to be deposited here, or you can go into partnership with me for the proper profitable investment of the money in your country. 
Whichever the option you want, please to notify me in your reply.
I have also set aside 1 % of the total sum $24.5M for all kinds of expenses that come our way in the process of this transaction, and 4% for Charity donation. If you prefer to accept the 20% for your moral and financial assistance then the balance will be left in the account here for me.
Please note that this 1% is not with me at the moment but shall be deducted from the total sum as soon as the money finally hits your nominated account.
Finally  I want you to maintain absolute secrecy for the purpose of this transaction.
Your reply should be sent to my private
Email address only newtonharry2005 at netscape.net
I look forward to your reply and c-operation, and I thank you in
Advance as I anticipate your co-operation.
Sincerely,
NEWTON.H.NDULOVO
newtonharry2005 at netscape.net
0034679238539




